[doc] Add LMI Text Embedding Inference user guide (#2022)
deepjavalibrary/djl-serving: serving/docs/lmi/user_guides/embedding-user-guide.md

# LMI Text Embedding User Guide

Text Embedding refers to the process of converting text data into numerical vectors. These embeddings capture the semantic meaning of the text and can be used for various tasks such as semantic search and similarity detection.

The inference process involves:

1. **Loading a Model**: Loading a model from local directory, S3 or from huggingface repository,.
2. **Tokenization**: Breaking down the input text into tokens that the model can understand.
3. **Embeddings**: Passing the tokens through the model to produce embeddings. Embedding is a multi-dimension vector that could be used for RAG or general embedding search.

LMI supports Text Embedding Inference with the following engines:

- OnnxRuntime

> - Candle

Reviewer: Our engine name is "Rust"

Author: Changed

- TensorRT
- Python

Currently, the OnnxRuntime engine provides the best performance for text embedding in LMI. 

## Supported Model Architectures

The following text models are supported:

> - Bert (`BAAI/bge-base-en-v1.5`, `BAAI/bge-small-en-v1.5`, `BAAI/bge-large-en-v1.5`, etc.)

Reviewer: Why only BERT?, I think this is just restriction for Rust engine.

Author: Changed.

Other embedding models are also supported, but may not be as performant as the model architectures listed above.

## Quick Start Configurations

You can leverage LMI Text Embedding inference using the following starter configurations:

> ### serving.properties

Reviewer: We should not promote this usage, we should guide user to:
1. Use djl:// model if the model already exist
2. use HF_MODEL_ID to convert the model at runtime
3. Manually import the model into DJL model format with our djl_convert/djl_import tool
4. and finally fully customize with `serving.properties`

Author: If the user give HF_MODEL_ID, then the code will automatically convert for them.

```
engine=OnnxRuntime
option.model_id=<your model id>
translatorFactory=ai.djl.huggingface.translator.TextEmbeddingTranslatorFactory
batch_size=32
```

You can follow [this example](../deployment_guide/deploying-your-endpoint.md#configuration---servingproperties) to deploy a model with serving.properties configuration on SageMaker.

### environment variables

```
OPTION_ENGINE=OnnxRuntime
HF_MODEL_ID=<your model id>
OPTION_BATCH_SIZE=32
```

You can follow [this example](../deployment_guide/deploying-your-endpoint.md#configuration---environment-variables) to deploy a model with environment variable configuration on SageMaker.

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy model to SageMaker
```

    serializer=serializers.JSONSerializer(),
    deserializer=deserializers.JSONDeserializer(),
)

# Make an inference request against the endpoint
predictor.predict(
    {"inputs": "What is Deep Learning?"}
)
```

The full notebook is available [here](https://github.com/deepjavalibrary/djl-demo/blob/master/aws/sagemaker/large-model-inference/sample-llm/text_embedding_deploy_bert.ipynb).

## Available Environment Variable Configurations

The following environment variables are exposed as part of the UX:

**HF_MODEL_ID**

This configuration is used to specify the location of your model artifacts.

**HF_REVISION**

If you are using a model from the HuggingFace Hub, this specifies the commit or branch to use when downloading the model.

This is an optional config, and does not have a default value. 

**HF_MODEL_TRUST_REMOTE_CODE**

If the model artifacts contain custom modeling code, you should set this to true after validating the custom code is not malicious.
If you are using a HuggingFace Hub model id, you should also specify `HF_REVISION` to ensure you are using artifacts and code that you have validated.

This is an optional config, and defaults to `False`.

**OPTION_ENGINE**

> This option represents the Engine to use, values include OnnxRuntime, TensorRT, Candle, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option represents the Engine to use, values include `OnnxRuntime`, `PyTorch`, `Rust`, etc.
```

Author: Done.

**OPTION_BATCH_SIZE**

This option represents the dynamic batch size.

> This is an optional config, and defaults to `1`.

Reviewer: It worth the mention `SERVING_MIN_WORKERS` and `SERVING_MAX_WORKERS` for GPU case. And encourage user to only set them on GPU

Author: Changed.

# Fetch the uri of the LMI container
image_uri = image_uris.retrieve(
    framework="djl-lmi",
    region=session.boto_session.region_name,
    version="0.28.0"
)

# Create the SageMaker Model object.
model_id = "BAAI/bge-base-en-v1.5"

env = {
    "HF_MODEL_ID": model_id,
    "OPTION_ENGINE": "OnnxRuntime",
    "SERVING_MIN_WORKERS": "1", # make sure min and max Workers are equals when deploy model on GPU
    "SERVING_MAX_WORKERS": "1",
}

model = Model(image_uri=image_uri, env=env, role=role)

# Deploy your model to a SageMaker Endpoint and create a Predictor to make inference requests
instance_type = "ml.g4dn.2xlarge"
endpoint_name = sagemaker.utils.name_from_base("lmi-text-embedding")

model.deploy(initial_instance_count=1,
             instance_type=instance_type,
             endpoint_name=endpoint_name,
             )

predictor = sagemaker.Predictor(
    endpoint_name=endpoint_name,
    sagemaker_session=session,
    serializer=serializers.JSONSerializer(),
    deserializer=deserializers.JSONDeserializer(),
)

# Make an inference request against the endpoint
predictor.predict(
    {"inputs": "What is Deep Learning?"}
)

> ```

Reviewer 2: could we also have a API schema doc defined here? Need to tell customer what is the expected output format

Author: Done

  -0.14791532,
  0.3483261,
  -0.72370994,
  -0.46186447,
  1.002478,
  0.06690536,
  -0.6356916,
  -0.8068857,
  0.39828378,
  -0.987602,
  -0.48057964,
  -0.91443294,
  -1.1440288,
  -0.09522212,
  -0.36398962,
  -0.14455658,
  -0.09450873,
  0.49147022,
  0.37112617,
  0.1446139,
  -0.6551288,
  -0.10683546,
  1.0844564,
  -0.26117444,
  -0.61763823,
  -1.0215288,
  -0.47271717,
  1.4268862,
  0.51654065,
  -0.01449356,
  0.051638275,
  0.20195235,
  0.33145776,
  -0.47064057,
  0.03058975,
  0.44798565,
  0.043512702,
  -0.5963866,
  0.0999626,
  -0.78542507,
  -0.07645189,
  -0.35353783,
  -0.3817216,
  -0.250955,
  -0.71230185,
  -0.7246541,
  -0.09184249,
  -0.15457578,
  -0.47047973,
  0.16415931,
  0.4615652,
  0.9969347,
  1.1440169,
  0.11543016,
  -0.40084806,
  0.8114938,
  0.053596105,
  0.072810955,
  -0.48538062,
  0.6282832,
  -0.5842784,
  -0.8101653,
  0.7857535,
  0.11797458,
  -0.1375664,
  -0.5850693,
  0.60943407,
  0.40796915,
  -0.6434871,
  0.3112606,
  0.2279547,
  -0.8009926,
  -0.79564685,
  0.37275973,
  -0.48306096,
  0.6792743,
  0.7707857,
  0.33682466,
  0.6252336,
  0.9911188,
  0.18310043,
  -0.5297898,
  1.1664978,
  0.79496926,
  0.28931668,

>   1.2245488,

Reviewer 2: this is too long, could we trim into ... in the middle? And also show the expected shape
